c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\POM.dll.config
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\POM.dll
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\POM.pdb
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.xml
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\obj\Release\POM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\obj\Release\POM.dll
c:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\obj\Release\POM.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\Common.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\Common.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\SeleniumExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\InfoPanel.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\SeleniumExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\InfoPanel.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\RelevantCodes.ExtentReports.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Selenium\POM\bin\Release\extentConfig.xml
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\extentConfig.xml
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\POM.dll.config
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\POM.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\POM.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\Common.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\SeleniumExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\RelevantCodes.ExtentReports.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\InfoPanel.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\Common.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\SeleniumExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\bin\Release\InfoPanel.pdb
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\obj\Release\POM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\obj\Release\POM.dll
C:\Users\Pawel\Desktop\selenium\POM\obj\Release\POM.pdb
